[Music] they
took it and now because of the value of the work,
a publisher is interested. Hey,
I'm not omni proud or an idiot,
so well, the second instrument,
of course. So in the end, on the market, like through a
publisher, like, this
book is already there, it's already in El Corte Inglés,
anywhere. No, no, it has no
limitations, and now I'm with it, yes,
because. Also, I'm with them because it's
a trilogy, I'm with the second part,
see the one you're going to publish now, the sixth
is the second part, continuation of that,
effectively, imagine that they end up as a
movie.
Well, it will be 50 shades, it will be curious and
fun, the truth is. No, no, it wouldn't be
bad at all. Hey, what relationship do you have with Kiko
Rivera, do you get along with him? I don't have
any relationship, obviously. I'm
very sorry about what happened to you, and
[ __ ], I hope it stays just a distant scare
and doesn't get complicated in the slightest.
No, no, you haven't had any friction, not
once, punctually, but no, no,
we haven't had any
coincidences, it
's not for some reason. Familiar, not like, no, no, no, he didn't
have contact with your brothers or with you,
zero, no, no, no, no, and besides, but
part  from the basis that there is no
link I mean there is no
consanguinity of any kind
the last time you were on Sálvame
well the last one no the second to last
[Music]
what do you think let's
see because they called you a little because they
were premiering the documentary about
Rocío Carrasco and I think that it was like they
wanted what we're
going to use you didn't you feel
a little like that
I didn't take it like that I'm going to tell you
why Because it's that maybe if
that documentary hadn't existed which by the
way today I found out there's another one I
think I mean no no no no no no no it
's another topic I'm not at all informed It's that
I saw it in a different way Javi It's that what
I was able to tell there
that night that in some way for
me meant
not reposting Because those Maybe it's
saying a lot but [ __ ] I heard the
forgiveness that night from many people that has
been good for me I had a really
bad time my mother suffered a lot with this
among others my mother suffers a lot with
when this happened it
moved me Yeah because because
when you  you feel persecuted and out there
a little bit what happened to my mother not in
this one in this case and with this story and on
top of that the people and the atrocities that were
said then that it's not like now
I'm glad that now people
have a different sensitivity No but
at that time
Yes yes beyond programs that I
remember a discussion that I think that
also in that program they put it I think it
had María Teresa Campos in which
two people came out saying well it's that we don't
know this maybe it's that they
hit her because he also because she
also hits him and I don't know what Or it's
a sordid thing completely
unthinkable that one of another era
totally condemnable And so for me
that night I tell you I can't
give it to her that maybe you as a
spectator or whatever you are from the outside I can't
give it to her because for me it had
many very visceral connotations of
hearing different phrases from people
that I said [ __ ] at least I don't do it anymore
but at least I'm not going to die
without hearing certain things then it
cost me the lawsuit But well I
want to tell you that at least I
I was very, very
compensated for that because at the end of the
story of Rocío Carrasco and Antonio, have you
seen that there? You are not wet nor are
you interested, I imagine you do not even know if some
that are called that there are so
many participants that for me it is
Game of Thrones, I mean, no, no, the
story itself you do not know the context
and the whole thing but you
liked the fact or did it give you a different impression
the fact that the testimony of a
woman is taken more into account than maybe
for example with what happened with your
mother, no, the way also it was that it was
another time, I do not know if you know what happened to my
mother is that it was the host my mother
has a sentence that the judge of
vitamin that my mother does not meet the
socioeconomic profile of a seriously abused woman,
I imagine that the sentence has the
ancestry what it comes to say is
you, it is not that I forgive me for God
everyone that I am not saying it in a
pejorative way, you are neither in
social exclusion nor are you a
supported woman nor do you live in a stream and
therefore you  it's impossible that you are an
abused woman because you are also
popular and famous And how are
you going to be an abused
woman then that Well that no no well if it were a car it would also be nonsense but maybe it's because it tells you Hey look the story doesn't add up I see a contradiction here I don't dare I'm going to I'm going to take into account keep in mind that it is it's
a mistake Looking at
things from so many years ago with the
current prism today I know that not
everyone comes in and believes it I don't
believe it that I don't care but I know
that everyone has a different sensitivity about abuse but no but it is but it's screwing us we have to go back to another time where there were people from another time then well Hey in the 70s there was advertising on TV for household products that were insane in this sense of saying that in the end
Hey we can't
historically deny what has happened here and
I remember that sentence that reminds me
of my mother throwing away saying
but I don't understand this and you have a
lawyer trying to explain to her something that
is inexplicable  because you are not even that is
inexplicable and it is unacceptable because you ca
n't understand that
then they already come up with a
clear argument, I mean I understood that maybe the
argument is Hey it can't be proven we can't
know what I'm telling you but it doesn't
meet the socioeconomic profile of
an abused woman which in itself the
fact that there is a profile of an
abused woman is already annoying because the
abused woman is any woman
extending abused and therefore
the fact of no no it's not that I was
in court in a Porsche no That
seems like a
truism to me I mean it doesn't make any
sense you were a witness in those
trials Well you I couldn't testify No they did
n't let me testify because it turns out
that
I passed a psychological exam but
the judge said no no that my
testimony no that he wasn't interested
basically in short he couldn't
identify
but but but but it's that I there but
there I stop being a son and I become
a witness
or rather in the end it's like that I mean if they
murder my girlfriend I'm a  witness No no it's not that
that's her boyfriend already Well yes very
well but but no no I
'm trying to find some kind
of logic for why they reject you look I
've spoken with many people
my current lawyer is
also a lawyer at the time and whenever I have the
chance there are even people from the
world who made at the time
Echo Of that sentence for the orbid that it
was because I don't know it is not understood or I mean that
is an aberration in fact
today apart from the fact that it would be unthinkable for it to
happen if I tell you that a judge
today does that and has
obvious problems because it is something that is
attacking the most
basic and primary logic
but at that time it was what we
faced and of course on
top of that the sentence comes out unfavorable
and all the media pressure is
brutally intensified because on top of that sentence
they say no well for the person
who suffered it in this case my mother
well it was very hard it was very hard to have
lived through it because I understand I mean We
always put the
presumption of innocence first all that do you
understand not in a way but I'm going to tell you
one thing  That's where there's a certain
amount of back and forth with that, the presumption of
innocence should prevail
in court.
You really,
if you overstep your boundaries, it's not that you're
violating the presumption of innocence, it's that what you're going to
do is defame me, slander
me. And that has other
consequences. But the presumption of
innocence should truly
prevail in court. What does
this mean? That the judge can't go and
because his wife watched a program or sees
another program or likes one story or another, he
makes a strange maneuver. No. That's
where it has to prevail and it has to
stick to the facts. You can go and
say, look, I consider that this man
is such and such. Very well, but there what you're
committing is another crime, but it has
nothing to do with the other thing. And then, here's
another issue that I think is
mixed up. You can come now and tell me,
Julian, my wallet just got stolen,
and I'll believe you. I mean, I don't need
proof for you to provide me with proof or
anything. I believe you first. Or am I
free to believe?  but secondly
and more importantly I'm not going out into the
street looking for who stole your
wallet, I mean that's not my job I
can believe you and not go after
anyone else I mean in this case
what should have happened was that
my mother's testimony was taken into
account regardless of everything else
which in the end that didn't even happen
what kind of commentary did you hear on
TV
about everything and besides
telling you how unfair we were with your mother I
ask your forgiveness because they were very
unfair because they were very unfair
because we heard some atrocities that my
mother had made up this that she
had induced me to lie that she had
paid some witnesses that she had
bought from medical reports and so on and so forth and
so a series of things that
were
erased at that time meaning the
media left her aside and the
evildoers on TV hired her for a
whole year as a collaborator on a program
that for me to get up and turn on the
TV my
stomach was churning as is
normal I don't want to tell you that in the end That's
why I think people have to
understand this point one thing is that you
you believe one person's version and the
other's is how you act in front of that, I
am not a prosecutor, I am not a police officer, I
have no reason to say if this man is one
thing or another or not, I am talking to you about
any case, I believe the person and I
believe their story, which is what
matters to me and the rest, well, it will depend on
what corresponds to him, if it is like you
can take it and maybe not believe it, like
for example the case Now I am not going to go into
depth about this case in case if you do
n't see this type of if you haven't seen the
documentary and you don't know a little bit my opinion
But the problem is that I don't have
information, the truth is I can't tell you yes,
what do you want to say to the question that you are
going to ask me, I can give you my opinion
But no, let's see what you can do in this
case, well, it has been highly questioned, for
example here I personally do
not believe Rocío Carrasco's testimony
but not because she would be a person who has a
lot of money because she was getting off
quinine but because after seeing each
episode Well, I think that there are a series of
contradictions, I think that there are things that
I, for example, only called abuse
something else but that  a person is going to
speak badly of you Because while you
also go to the magazine and I here what I
see is a crossroads it is what we
see more or less
here we do not but Of course you can
one thing is that you do not believe and you
try because give your opinion always without
crossing the line of respect Hey Well
look I do not believe it because I do not
think this is abuse I see abuse
as stronger things or something like that
to directly accuse her of things no that
maybe was what you
suffered no Of course that effectively
making a parallel it would be like this I For
example you have just defined it very well
in your conception of abuse does not fit that
in mine like that why Because I have
lived it I have lived it Do you
think you would consider that abuse
would be for example walking around the
dishes putting your ex-partner in a bad light
while you have to see What are
the consequences of that
is that you have to see What are the
consequences of that of course if that
has Yes that has
even measurable consequences Well it's that in some
way I give you an example  Imagine if it did
n't happen on TV, I mean, imagine
if it happened because there was a person,
not to mention specific names, an
individual who walks down the street, through the
parks and such, speaking badly in the street, it
is automatically a crime of harassment,
of persecution of different issues, that is to
say, something is already being committed there
that should not be done, you cannot go
down the street and chasing a person
and calling them famous. In fact, the
collector of the fractional
depends on what he is saying in this
case, it is that she starts the
media battle, she also gives exclusives, she
also speaks badly about him. So in the
end, that is what he does, a little bit of defending himself,
that maybe he did too many Plato or
whatever or that
I already have that there, the, the I, that is a
matter of measuring what I told you
before that we value as mistreatment, I yes,
in the end it also depends on how you
feel about it, in the end, for me, the
real verdict of what is mistreatment is how you
feel about it and then
a judge will have to come and tell you. Look, so in
this, compare what, for example, to tell,
for example  what your mother may she rest in peace
comparing what she told
her story comparing it with this
story well it seems to me I wouldn't know if it seems
disrespectful to me but it
's not at the same level
but what I was saying before I do I
consider it feasible that you believe
the story of a person without that
implying or leading you to rise up
against anyone or rather that's what I think
if you were the judge effectively I
mean no there are none of us Maybe you
have a prosecutor here watching you But
come on if you don't have it well it's that
you who are like I understand that
sometimes the eveality does a lot but it
's the same example of the people who go to
shout at the cars when they enter
the court with the criminals and to throw
stones and such I mean it has no
value and there's no logic to the
heat and in the end the mob and but I
mean it has no basis that doesn't do more
or less in fact how many people don't
go to shout at them and then they go free and
such Well because in the end the
problem comes in the courtroom where it should be The
innocent presumption this
gentleman of What is harassment subject and object
And from there okay okay okay okay well no
look the thing doesn't add up that's it then
but of course I did
live through it in a way as I tell you very very
hard because it was I mean because it was a
pressure and they shouted things at me in the street
because people understood that my mother had
made all that up yes yes yes yes
boy not very young But but you think that
people care about that you
think that people are interested people don't care
look what I
told you before about bingo and such people
are very can become very can get
here
luckily and fortunately you find
people who don't but and your mother like
How did she try to console you so much with
something like this that you're telling me
destroyed her psychologically and
emotionally in an irreparable way
I think that in fact the beginning
of I mean when you live through something like that
I imagine that for a woman it
must probably be one of the
most limiting and most destructive situations
that you can find yourself not that the woman who
person you love mistreats you Well,
if later you not only can't find
protection but on top of that you are judged and
questioned and such that was it I think that
was the beginning of what I say
irreparable damage one of a spiral that was
increasingly obscuring the others and
twisting more until it is
impossible to straighten
I imagine that many times things would hurt her more to see
you suffer than maybe
even things that happened to
her
happened my stories and I many times I did
n't tell her things because I didn't either
but things happened And suddenly you
found something painted on the
intercom and things that no no But
also look With what with what subject is it
thorny and we are talking about an era
before all this I mean if
Twitter had existed and such and everything Well I would not
even think about plastic surgery I mean
I staple a
Pikachu mask on and I won't take it off until 2040
because because it becomes impossible for you and
then what I tell you I mean I have
tried to draw a parallel for you with
how much it hurts  For example, my mother was
professionally affected a lot
because people understood that she had
lied about something very serious and so
professionally it diminished her enormously,
but it really, really undermined her
a lot. Projects, proposals, all of that
plummeted. So what I'm
telling you is that things,
measuring the depth of the footprint is very
complicated if you don't have it, if you're not
from within, well, a lot of people who
hear one thing, then see another, and such.
But [ __ ], the day-to-day life of those makes it a
little difficult, I
understand you perfectly, and with Kiko
Matamoros she still maintains some kind
of contact because he was a very good friend,
mother, the truth is that I haven't had to, that there are
a lot of people from that time who, it's
not that I have a bad relationship,
but I don't have a relationship. No, I don't have a relationship
there either. There's one thing, let's not
fool ourselves, in the end, the union was my mother. I
want to tell you that I, then I am I, I
defend that a lot, that I think it's
like friends from work, they're not
work colleagues. I
want to tell you, making a simile, no, you
try a lot to work in a place and
you have a super friend there, and a friend, a friend, it
works, then you  you stop working tomorrow
and maybe that contact is lost
Why Well because you were united by an
atmosphere, in my case it was my
mother, that bond and that connection with
many people who are no longer
outside of what we have been
worried about you, there will be no people who have
been interested in knowing how you are
How is he going to help you out something
because we are talking that maybe
Kiko [ __ ] Kiko Matamoros is a
representative he has many contacts in
my place Maybe he could have done it, I
think it has been a long time since he has been a
long time ago he is not a character,
of course,
all those who appear there are
many times they are much more characters
than the guests who come much more Yes
yes I was also watching the
interview that says with that of Well then
You were about to dedicate yourself to
acting I mean you have a life
but they didn't let me node like you like the
flag of
was José Luis Moreno of jumping man it has
been a pleasure
[Music]